Report invalid unicode escapes (#379)
quick-lint/quick-lint-js: docs/errors/E207.md

> # E207: error escaped code point in Unicode out of range

Reviewer: Nit: Remove 'error'.

The title should match the error message printed by quick-lint-js.

```suggestion
# E207: code point in Unicode escape sequence must not be greater than U+10FFFF
```

> # E207: error escaped code point in unicode out of range
> 
> The following code has escaped code point in unicode out of
> range.
> 
>     let x = "hello\u{abcdef}";
> 
> To fix this error, make sure that the escaped code point in
> unicode is less than 10FFFF.

Reviewer: Nit: Unicode is always capitalized.
```suggestion
# E207: error escaped code point in Unicode out of range

The following code has escaped code point in Unicode out of
range.

    let x = "hello\u{abcdef}";

To fix this error, make sure that the escaped code point in
Unicode is less than 10FFFF.
```

> To fix this error, make sure that the escaped code point in
> unicode is less than 10FFFF.

Reviewer: Nit: "less than 10FFFF" is incorrect. It should say "less than 110000" or "less than or equal to 10FFFF".

Nit: I'd phrase it this way:
```suggestion
To fix this error, make sure that the escaped code point is
between U+0000 and U+10FFFF inclusive.
```
